the equestrian riots lasted a millenia, how long does it take to burn down a mueseum? well the hooves certainly make it hard to use matches, so they have my sympathy.

I can't stop them. I can't stop them.

They have evolved fingers

-not a good time. Stop.

Time is not consecutive.

Also this aaaaah

I can't tell you right now...
This is....

not legal.



I've heard of Steven Hawking's idea of hosting a party and then sending the invites after. I have an idea where you write your time and location on a piece of paper, then you seal it up and bury it into the ground. Obviously, you would have to protect the piece of paper and make sure it's readable in a million years or whenever someone who can time travel finds it. But let's say someone finds it in however long... and they're a time traveler or knows a time traveler and they would visit the location and time. So I think if you were to plant a piece of paper or a book into the ground, a time traveler could show up when your planting it. Do you guys agree? Or is this stupid? If everyone in the world were to do this it would increase the odds of one of them being found and if someone shows up while it's being planted... could it be possible that this confirms time travel?
-Hobbs


There would be a lot of restriction over something like time travel, so we would have to plant alot of these until the odds would be high enough that
A) someone would find it
B) they would have unrestricted access to time travel
C) they would be the kind of person to actually travel back in time, potentially prooving time travel is possible to the present, making humanity do everything possible to create time travel, making it so that people would be able to time travel within a short period of time, making that place a UNICEF world heritage site, making it so that the time traveler would not be able to travel back to that place because it was a UNICEF world hertigage site, making the previous impossible because it would increase the odds that someone different would come back... but then we would still know that time travel is possible... What if we declare certain locations as time travel places in stone monuments as big as the pyramids, so that people would know about them and be motivated to go as soon as that technology would be avaible, asuming it is even possible to do something like time travel backwards.

-Ishaan
